okay once again it's on and I just need
to work my way sorry for my back
all right hi
to pee again a moment of silence that I
have to sell this this is this an
interesting story there was in Sweden
once upon a time in Sweden in I guess
the 1920s and forward there was a guitar
company called originally Levin named
after the guy who started the company
whose name he had another day be changed
at 11:00 I don't know why he came to the
United States train or how to build
guitars went back to Sweden and opened
up the factory name of the company was
11 and when they were imported into the
United States they were called goeth the
engine the reasons are very interesting
but I'm not going to go into that now
I'll try to tell the story quickly the
original gaeilge tars were imported by
Hirshman company in New York and then by
a company called Knut in Knute Rockne I
made that up we're in a company called
dudes or might have been dude which was
not owned by Jeff Bridges but dude might
have come before Knut I don't know in
the 1970s the early 70s Martin bought 11
and Starr actually manufactured 200
Martin label guitars in lab in Sweden
they then had the Goya guitars they then
closed down 11 in Sweden there's a whole
story about that we're not going to go
into that now so they had the name
lawyer they went over to Japan and they
started producing very very very high
quality guitars using the name Goya you
may also know that Martin was
manufacturing sigmas in Japan around the
same time don't ask me why I don't know
this is one of the first boy is produced
in Japan the reason I know that is
because because there's not a lot of
information it's because the design is
exactly that as far as the headstock
goes
of what the last boy is and Leben's had
before they were shut down so I would
assume they just carried the design over
it's got a spruce top I have believe
it's solid because I can see grain or I
can see grain I can I mean it maybe it's
laminated I don't mean to be imprecise
here please forgive me I can find
doodly-squat about this good market not
really enough that might be laminated
six I don't wonder why do you rosewood
back in size I'm sure that's laminated
two-piece beautiful work over here it's
a gorgeous guitar here feel know you can
write we haven't gotten that far in the
internet do you have a smellivision
that was a stupidest thing but there's
no point going on about that it is the
sound is just magnificent oh did I show
you there were close tuners look and
close to it whoo and it just sounds
magnificent I have four boys four
Swedish boy it's an N 21 a t14 a
12-string and a I don't know the number
offhand it's a nylon that is humidifying
trying to get the cracks out see I know
about these things
play this for you it is gorgeous it is
it is beautiful it is in wonderful
wonderful shape I have been very very
good to this I'm just saying I mean
they're obviously look they're dings and
windy dingy things on it right I mean
it's a guitar you play it things happen
you can see by the strumming things here
the action is pretty low I have new
strings on this I'm pretty sure I put
Martin 12 bronze or phosphor bronze I
don't remember so let me just play a
little bit of this and just shut up
right
my finger
and now we will strum
do you hear the resonance and wildness
of this guitar okay that's it
if you win it I hope you take care of it
I will be very upset if you don't I may
not know about it but maybe the vibes in
the air will inform me of your neglect
of this guitar and I will find you just
kidding
alright so I wish you the best of luck
on this it's a gorgeous wonderful guitar
if you win it you'll be very lucky
you'll have a very very rare guitar
these are very hard to find thank you
for joining me here in the dining room
bye
you